[Music]
we're not mature thankfully his wife
Jess has turned off the alarm let's hope
she has
[Music]
[Applause]
cha-cha
we've got to crack on because the
bedside clock is ticking of course you
have just to thank for this
ready Gino what is it
even with the suits are you ready are
you ready let's play okay
name three words please that running
with Gina can you ever coffee before be
no yes correct
he's go back to sleep yeah Gino Gino you
know we know the Portofino
he knows the Reno mandarine what's that
tangerine tangerine in Italian brilliant
okay do you want to come in is this
is a cartoon is a spongy man sponge man
nearly what's his name was about by his
underwear what shape are they is what
shape a bob the sponge the sponge bob
has got sure the sponge with Bob in the
shoulder shape
that's Bob with the pants square sponge
sponge bob in the square
Sponge Bob Squarepants yeah
[Applause]
you go to people houses mmm it's good
the midnight game show anyway we've got
to Greco because the bedsides clock's
ticking
so please welcome our pizza delivery
person okay it blind the bomb before you
if you woody dog he's okay so in the
absence we're gonna give you some pizza
if should you choose to accept and all
you have to do is tell us the topping
the topping all right let's do this
okay so let's start with the first one
yeah no I'm so sorry about this generic
party yes what would that be on top of
that ah that's what sake
oh wait in default Payoneer if you are
included and that's just about the price
but we have it the BBC as far it's going
in now oh ooh
any guesses oh I just think I have in
the pub with Jess pork eating
yes the sporty the sporks King mr. porky
mister the CEO so close watching you
know just different questions about this
lady now this is actually a blast from
your past
I'm gonna give you some clues you're the
first met this person well you've got
your first TV job on good food than I've
shot any bars is it oh that's your guess
is it
[Applause]
this is the opposite of the reaction I
got thank you so much you won't see
enough for another six years this is
awfully low now for this question I'm
gonna need to get out of bed because
somebody is singing in your shower and
the question is who and what are they
singing let's go and find out there is
no embarrassing first thing in the
morning moments his first thing in the
morning
ken who is a singing he's gotta be some
macho macho he's gotta be big and strong
enough to knock
I'm sorry
oh my goodness
you're absolutely flying through this
little backwash as well I'm just a baby
see and do you know you might remember
this what's this my first kiss your
first of many genome let's find out how
much you can remember the Bullock town
style meatloaf you've confidence about
that one yeah please 400 grams of minced
beef yeah 400 grams minced pork yes very
important eat carrots that is irrelevant
America because you could put so you
could have pulled three but how many did
you put enjoy a fantastical so maybe one
it was a big carrots
there we go okay now what kind of a job
have you got and this summer is
seriously you don't got nothing but well
done thank you very much do you know
now what's your better TV a little bit
yes your wife tells me know that one of
your favorite shows
yes might feature this character all
right
but who is it
Gino this legend you do remember his
name in early fills the horse's head of
Boise Oh correct and you remember what
boy sees jump was in on foot
yes used to sell cars Oh got you are
absolutely fine can you name for other
characters from Only Fools and Horses Oh
Marlene we're gonna go for that boy
yes just two more and then Uncle Albert
was one of our you are a big bass for
some people these people finally can you
name the pump in our new frozen sister
slightly tricky final question Oh
the park sits on stage I'm gonna have to
put you at the bedside clock ticking the
whole heads oh you're so close the
you're so close oh thank you so much
[Music]
Oh Gina are we live
No
it's one o'clock in the morning no I'd
be watching you now Tina you have pets I
do yeah poor pets have you got dogs and
maybe another pet in Sardinia I have
like a little Olivia Olivia is
apparently Olivia it's very very happy
to be here in your home even though this
is slightly worried about Olivia Olivia
this is Gino D'Acampo
oh hello so I have some questions about
goods okay what does goats eat grass
what's this girl's name Olivia with
cheese oh good cheese you can crumble on
a pizza making a CUDA Yolo with some
nice sesame dried cherry tomato I need
to be a fresh basil buffalo mozzarella
as a nursing officer thank you very much
and in here thank you thank you
and you probably like believe
[Music]
[Applause]
go go bye
why the weak now don't divorce me that's
why you came late
he's gone huh is it gone yeah
oil I have to brush my teeth again
[Applause]
[Music]
you